	The article “Identify yourself” by Krystal South, discusses about how technology has impacted mankind. The essay began by introducing the
  idea of choosing and deciding by an MIT professor. The idea is that deciding is a computational method that can be program into a machine
  . While choosing is an activity that takes judgement and reasoning, something we can’t program. The article continued by addressing the 
  issue of online identity and how someone’s online profile can affect them. When someone post a status, a photo or share another post, it 
  can be seen by anyone. By looking at those post we can determine what kind of attitude or personality a person has. When a person is 
  likable online, they gained more “fame” or “followers” and that in term can benefit them by providing them with sponsors and recognition.
  Some people decide to make this a living, by just building their profile on social networks. Everything is being monitor and watched by 
  fans, from the thing that they post to what they shared. Then the essay touched upon our privileged lifestyle as internet start to become
  a common thing. When internet first started, having internet was a privilege no matter how slow it was. However, in the 21st century, 
  internet has become such a common thing that not having internet would be considered weird or poor. This affected our society as a whole,
  we complain about the internet when something isn’t load fast enough. For some of us, it limit our outside interaction because of its 
  convenience. It isn’t necessary to go anywhere or do anything when you can do it from the comfort of your own home. From chatting with 
  friends to shopping, anything can be done on the internet. Coming from the age where internet and technology were a rare sight, it is 
  surprising to me to see kids uses technology that I wouldn’t have had back in the days. The rapid change is shocking but it is good 
  exposure for children to get use to technology because that is what will surrounds them for the rest of their lives. However, it can 
  expose them to very bad influences online. It can become an addiction if not monitor by adults. Moreover, in the age of technology, he 
  had developed a new way of thinking. However, it endorses the wrong type of attitude and promote a lazier society. 
