Faustino Ortiz 
Art 104 Section 1
2/14/18

                                                      Reading Three Response
                                                      
                                                      
In Krystal South's article she talks about the way the internet has become a big part of people's lives. It has gotten so far that she 
says that the term IRL(In real life) now applies to those who use the computer to chat live or to interact with others whether it be a 
video game or a chat app. As time goes on, technology has become a big part of our everyday lives especially in the way we communicate 
with one another. Our smartphones allow us now to face time with someone from other parts of the world live, with this it helps fit her definition 
of IRL. This is only the stepping stone to what our world has become.

Another example she mentions is the fact that video games especially MMO's  immerse the players in a whole other world for them to explore. 
The real word is full of problems and chaos to the point where it can affect a person's well being. So to help them cope with the stress, they 
boot up a game like The Sims which would help them reenact a whole new life that they always envisioned for themselves but never got to due 
to the things that may have prevented them from doing so like not having money for college and so forth. I agree with this statement that she 
makes because I get this same feeling when I play my games. I want to be able to forget all the problems that I am currently dealing with 
at the time and help keep me in check from having a major meltdown. 

Overall the internet is a place that not only lets people surf the web to search for information but it also has become a place for many people 
to let out their feelings without suffering from the face to face in person backlash that you normally would. However you of course still could 
face backlash from other users by means of leaving comments or replies to what you posted. It could get so overwhelming to the point that some
have commited suicide based on what was said about them. The nice thing about the internet however is that most of these sites give you the option
to block someone who you deem disrespectful or hateful to what your thoughts or beliefs. In real life, you could just avoid talking to someone
but then you would have to worry about them calling you or having them visiting where you live where it can become hard to ignore them. The internet lets
you with one click of a button to phase out any haters that could have a negative effect on your well being. The idea of the internet being
termed as real life has started already and within a few years it will no doubt be permanently labeled as that from now on.
