	The Article Invisible Images, (your pictures are looking at you) by Trevor Paglen was really 
interesting. I do have to admit that some of the ideas presented were somewhat hard to understand. But
what I did understand was clear and to the point. Some points were very meaningful and some Frightening.
	Picturing the full meaning of what a photograph brings to someone's eyes and how an image can move people,
 and affect how they feel is something only humans can do. To have that and be interpreted by what Trevor
calls machine to machine apparatuses, an AI system is something else. As beings that are moved by emotions, everything
around us has some sort of negative and positive impact on our lives and how we feel at certain moments. 
I never gave it a lot of thought regarding digital imaging. But after reading Trevors article it did get me thinking.
	We are so eager to come up with the next best thing, to be the leading force in revolutionizing technology, to
be the spear of the arrow and everyone else following out trail, that we might be setting ourselves up for failure. That's
pretty much what I got from the reading. We are teaching computer programs to understand what makes up a human and human lives
through images and photos. To have a machine or a program that can recognize complex human behavior is something out of 
the scifi channel. 
	An AI learning from us can be very helpful. As humans out minds are all over the wall, we are always bombarded with 
different thoughts at any moment. To have an AI where it can process information in a linear concept with no distractions
until it gives the most logical answer would not only be innovative but crucial to our understanding of how a machine or 
AI program might think. I'm sure at first it would be basic questions and answers, as it increases it's understanding those 
questions would increase in complexity. I think the fear for me is this, in every student teacher scenario in the begins the teacher
teaches the student and the student learning from the teacher. How quick will the student no longer need the teacher. How
quick will the student become the teacher and the teacher the student. How quick will the student no longer need the teacher.
	Everything that we do is to better understand what we don't know, but how much is to much and how far are we willing to
go for that extra book of knowledge. Pandora's box comes with a secret, what secrets will we unlock and will it be too late.
