	The article “Invisible Images(your picture are looking at you” by Trevor Paglen talks about the sharing of images on the interweb and the
  tremendous effect that have on our lives. Paglen start off by introducing the concept of seeing through a human eyes. The author states 
  that images we see through our eyes travel to our brain as information just like the camera capturing light and store it as picture which
  is also a type of information. The internet expanded this notion by allowing information to travel to more than one place and can be view
  by many people at the same time. However, this large networks can also become a privacy problem. With the rise of photo sharing social 
  media, more images are being share online than ever. The consumer of these medias only use these media for sharing and connecting 
  purposes not knowing that there are an even more complicated network behind the scene. When a user post a picture on a social media 
  platform, that digital photo instantly become data of a much larger network. This information can be used to identify individuals, 
  advertise and even to investigate. Most social media share their database with other companies to filter and kinder information specific
  for you. This is done with AI’s, these informations about you are feed into a network of AI that store and interpret the information. 
  The author gave some example of face recognition AI using millions of photos that were collected, saved the unique feature of the 
  individual’s faces for easier recognition. Also the program on cops cars that takes images of cars in the vicinity and are share with 
  other companies like insurance companies. From there the companies can deduct that data and turn it into some form of statistics to 
  further advertise to you. Paglen continued to explain that these AI perform a task better than any humans. An example of this would be 
  that AI facial recognition could reach up to 97% which is even more accurate than what a human can do. However, the author states that 
  these AI can only perform a single task giving to them by the type of information that they’re learning. An AI in charge of recognizing 
  cars cannot recognize human features. A network of AI on the other human can exchange information with each other and perform more 
  effectively. Overall, this taught me so much about the behind interworking of sharing information on the internet. People should be more 
  cautious about what to post because what goes on the internet will stays on the internet. 
