This article is of an interview with Hito Steyerl,a documentary filmmaker and teacher,conducted by Marvin Jordan. Though I found this
interview a bit difficult to understand, I will try my best to point out areas of interest during the read. Hito Steyerl gives an example
of smart phone technology in response to a question on the central theme of her work; "socio-technological conditions of visual culture" 
and more specefically concepts that underlie her research, "representation, identification, the relationship between art and capital." She 
relates the representational mode of photography as something is out there but it will be "represented by means of optical tecnology." The 
camera on smartphones are crap and have a lot of noise. The way to clean up the noise from the captured photo is to create an alogorithm. 
The camera scans through previous photos and/or your social media. In the end, it creates a picture that you might like to see based on 
earlier photos that youve taken and analyzes your preferences. However,I had an idea after readng that paragraph. What if its a new phone 
and has never been connected to the internet yet nor have any photos for it to reference. How would that work? Possibly in order for this 
development to work, the user would have to take photos with their preferred ways for the camera to identify preferences and better create 
future photos? 

Another concept that stood out to me was Hito's example of Twitter bots in response to Marvins question of how images are affecting 
peoples behavior towards identificaiton and todays visual culture.She replies that bots are used to be mistaken for humans on social media 
websites. This reminds me of the fake Russian Facebook accounts made to have an influence on the 2016 election. These fake russian 
facebook accounts bought $100,000 in political ads and none of them directed it towards a candidate but instead focused on social issues 
as race,gay,rights, gun control and immigration. The American intellegence agencies states that it was made to affect Hillary Clintions 
votes negatively and increase Donald Trump's. I think its crazy how far they would startegize and use bots to influnce the election like 
this. Bots can be useful but also decieving depending on who controls it.

Russian Facebook article:https://www.nytimes.com/2017/09/06/technology/facebook-russian-political-ads.html
