	In the article “Politics of Post-Representation” by Marvin Jordan where he conducts an interview with Hito Steyerl on the issues of 
  representation in today’s digital age. Steyerl start off by introducing the idea of photography on small cellular device. According to 
  Steyerl, phone’s camera lenses are often crappy and produce pictures with tons of noises. The real secrets lies within the programming 
  of the phone. The phone is programmed to pick out the real picture from all the noise or remove the noise from the picture. To do this 
  the phone must first recognize what belongs in the picture and what is noise. Steyerl continue by saying that phones are programmed to 
  look through your previous picture analyze them and make sense of them. It can draw this information from many different sources such as
  your contact list, social media and the internet. The phone looks at your post and analyses what you like then adjust your picture 
  according to what you like to see. In a sense, the product that we have is the picture with past data woven into it. This is actually an 
  interesting idea, I have never thought of phone camera technology being this way at all. Apple very well-known for the fact that their 
  camera can take picture that are crystal clear but now knowing the thing that I’ve read in the article, I am starting to have doubts 
  about their cameras actually being that good. Facebook also have face recognition program that allows it to recognize who’s in your 
  picture and suggest them for you to tag and very often these suggestions are very accurate. Also ads on facebook are based on what you 
  have visit or what you have search for. All these things makes me worry about my own privacy because everything I do is being recorded. 
  Then Steyerl continued with the interview by talking about bots and bots armies. Twitter bots armies are sets out to target different 
  hashtags in order to spread ads and distracts user from their debate on certain political issues. According to Steyerl, twitter bots are 
  easy to recognize as it contain pictures of similar people and are often quoting from well-known people. What makes these bots effective 
  is that there are a hired humans to help it solve captcha. Steyerl states that these bot armies are representation of of everyone, it is 
  there to stop people from fighting with one another, it serves as a distraction from hot-button issues. Overall, I find this article 
  where enlightening as it open my eyes to a new way of thinking. This article also provides me with information that I did not know before. 
