Queena Situ
Art 104 
Reading 1


The Body, Post Humans and Cyborgs: the Influence of Politics of Identity and Emerging Digital and Bio-Technologies

	In our society today, there is definitely a reliance on technology and younger people, like myself, even grow up with it. We are surrounded by technology and use them on a daily basis. Our society, at least in the more developed countries, is a cultural cyborg. If you think about it, much of our lives revolves around the internet or a computer. We have cellphones, computers to process multiple tasks at once, a cylinder that listens for your voice to answer inquiries, cars that can drive on their own, and most importantly, the internet. 

	I think it’s interesting that the internet is integrated so deeply into our lives. A lot of our social interactions take place on the internet behind a screen, whether it be on a forum talking to strangers about similar interests or video chatting with your friends and family because neither party has the time or resources to meet up and talk in person. However, there are a lot of consequences that come with internet personas. A few of them are people only showing what they want others to see and there is some sort of satisfaction based on the amount of “likes” that was generated. It is also a lot easier to cyberbully people on the internet. 
	
	Technology is created to convenience us, and because it makes things more convenient and accessible, we begin to rely on it. This topic reminds me of a TED talk I watched where a cyborg anthropologist named Amber Case discusses what social interactions have become now. She explains that even though the method of socializing has changed, people get the same biological and psychological reactions as talking in person. Just like how technology changes into different forms every couple of years, human social interaction has changed, and communication on the internet is the norm. 

	Currently, the closest we have gotten to “in-person” interactions in the virtual world, is through using virtual reality headsets, controllers, and a microphone to talk to people in the illusion of physical space. The article talks about the impact technology will have on human behavior and we already see it on social media. The next big thing is virtual reality, but I wonder, what would be the next evolution of socialization?
