Thanh Truong
ART 104 reading 1


	  The article “Intellectual Property in the Age of Digital Reproduction”, by David Sandoval discusses about the issues and concerns about 
  the ever-expanding digital age and some solutions to some of these concerns. The article started by introducing GRL, a graffiti research 
  lab that focuses on combating commercial and corporate media on urban landscape. GRL aimed to use the unlawful nature of graffiti as a 
  away to emphasize on issues and populate those messages on corporate advertisement areas. GRL wanted to share their grafiti advancing 
  technologies such as projection mapping and many more with everyone through the use of open forums. There was one issue, according to the
  article, the resources often does not reach the people who actually need them but fall in the hands of most corporations. These  
  corporations then use these technology for their own advertising purposes. The author suggested CC patent as a solution as this issue as 
  it can limit corporations from using it, making it more accessible for regular users. The article also addressed the issues of property 
  and file sharing in the digital age as ownership start to become more of an issue. People are fearing about sharing their “intellectual 
  properties” because it can end up in someone else’s hand which can be produced without giving credits to the original owner. There is 
  nothing a person or companies can do in order to stop the illegal products of their products.
  
	  After reading this article, I realized how much of a role law plays in the digital age. This issues has definitely been improve throughout
  the years by big companies. Youtube, for example has one of the strictest copyright rules for its users. Some companies also uses this 
  issues for their advantage, such as Instagram who released policy that say whatever is posted on Instagram can be used by the company 
  without its user’s consent. The user give their consent for Instagram when their sign up and agreed to their “Term of Service”.  
  As much as big corporations try to make their product exclusively for its consumers, the digital has found many ways to around it. 
  Sites such as thepiratebay continue to be one of the biggest black market for free digital products. So now the question is: why would a 
  person pay money for something they can get on the internet for free? It all comes down to legitimacy, yes you can download this $100 
  dollars program for free on thepiratebay but would you risk the fact that your machine would catch a virus from downloading it off a site.
  The article gave a clear run-down of property sharing online and this new concern can affect the future of the digital age. 

