	  The article “Thoughts on Glitch Art” by Nick Briz, explain about the notion of glitch art and how they are created. First, Briz present 
  an example of how to create a piece of glitch art. By taking any files (JPG, MOV, EXE) and put them into application that aren’t program
  to read the file. Then, the author continue by explaining what a glitch is and what it isn’t. Briz explains that glitch is an unexpected
  outcome within the system. Glitches are not errors because the program is functioning the way it supposed to, glitches are just something
  the user couldn’t expect. Briz continue by stating that glitches vary between files. Glitching a JPG and PNG file of the same image will 
  not give you the same result as the file type is different, glitches are specific to certain types of input files. The author then 
  explains that glitch art are not the same as glitches. Glitches are made when a machine return an unexpected outcome while glitch art 
  are made intentionally by the artist and in a way the glitch is expected. The glitches in glitch art are done intentionally but only the
  result is unexpected. According the Briz glitch art isn’t a medium because glitches can be done on many things so in a way, glitches are 
  tools to work with in the desire medium. Glitches can come in many types such as video, gif, images or recording. Based on the article, 
  glitch itself isn’t an aesthetic but what glitches can generate is. Lastly, Briz stated that glitch is similar to ethic because it
  basically takes what we know about technology and threw it out the window. When working with a program or a machine, there are always 
  instructions of how to use it and what it should be used for, glitches define all these features as it use technology in a different way 
  which in a sense creates its own ethic. I found this article very interesting as I have never view glitches as a way of making art before.
  Everytime a machine or a program glitches, it create frustration for the user . In glitch art the user often glitch the program on 
  purpose and create artifacts that can then be call art. If glitches are unexpected, I wonder if someone can make a glitch art with some 
  desire result. I have done a glitch art during art 73 before and it was quite simple. The objective was to take an image and create 
  artifacts within in using a sound playing device. I also find it very interesting because most user view glitches as error because the
  result isn’t what was desire, however, the program is working correctly with what it was given. Overall, I find glitch art very
  interesting and I feel like if glitches are practice as much as painting and drawing then there will be a time when we can get the desire
  glitch outcome.
