John Berger documentary of art in, "Way's of Seeing" gives the viewer an insight of what someone in
the 1970 thought when it came to art. To some extent we too face the same questions but not 
necessarily in paintings, rather in what we view as art.
	All four videos were very interesting to watch. what he presented within the documentary
was not only insightful but also awareness on European Art and some of the things we usually don't learn
 learn in school. Art is seen just as art but it is also something more appealing to the imagination.
	Each of his four videos presents topics that usually don't think about when it comes to painting,
from multiple copies, sexuality, wealth, and commercialization. For instance, in the first video John explains
 that the invention of the camera takes away the essence of the painting. Why because people don't have to travel
 long distances to see an original painting. The camera can reproduce the same thing and multiple copies. I do
 like this idea that it does take some of it's meaning from them. The journey across the world to see something
 beautiful is mystifying specially if one can not afford it, then its left to word of mouth and our imagination
 to recreate it. I was going to argue that cameras make it so that everyone in the world can see them, but
 thinking more about it I agree with John. That somehow the magic that someone feels is striped away. 
	Sexuality is the main topic for the second, and john again said it in plain words. Painters painted 
also to attract clients, sexuality has always sold and will always sell. It there is a women, there will
always be a man admiring her in more than one way. The man who purchased the piece can cover it up will
a big vocabulary and be very intricate in his explanation but you brush all that bs off and it comes down
to sex. The more it show's the more it will be desired for purchase. Its that same spirit that is still
out there and will always be. 
	The last two videos focused on money. I really liked how he talked about social status and ability
to buy paintings and how its a way to know if someone had money or not. What really struck me was when John
Berger mentioned that paintings were of those who had money and that most often the paintings reflected status
and not the poverish. We really did not get an everyday life painting of the struggles of what life was in 
those times. That made me wonder what life was really like. Today we capture some one our daily events through
a camera, phone or video camera. So to have captured that on a painting, I think it would have been great.
	
