John Berger Ways of Seeing

This four part documentary discusses oil paintings relation with photography, female nude, merchandise, and advertising. Upon clicking on 
the links to the videos, I was overwhelmed of the length and number of episodes on the series. However, as I watched the first episode, I 
was intrigued by the subject and style documentary. I actually enjoy watching a lot of BBC shows and especially old documentary’s. 

The first episode touches on color photography and how it is able to produce mass copies of old oil paintings. By producing mass copies of 
images of an oil painting, people around the world are able to view it from their own home and have the privilege to experience the art 
work. However, it is not the same as viewing the painting in the flesh it self. The experience is completely different. Religious figures 
are photographed and mass printed for religious followers. The image of Jesus can be worshiped in various locations and especially homes. 
I myself as a Roman Catholic have many prints of the image of Jesus and the Virgin Mary in my home. The images of their face and icon 
gives us a figure to look up to when we are in need or worshiping as we believe they are greater than us. 



The second episode was about the female nude and its historical objectification of women by men. It is still relevant today as a lot 
females are objectified in media today. Women are portrayed as objects seen by men and not as human figures. This can be seen in a lot of 
video games and movies such as The Justice League. Wonder Woman is dressed scantly with a lot of skin showing. She doesn't have a full 
suit on like the rest of the league but is shown for the curvature of her figure to appeal to the audience, more specifically men.

The third and fourth episode talks about how oil paintings are prized possessions and how one can achieve a lifestyle with purchases The 
rich possess them mainly because they are a sign of wealth and don't appreciate the work in the piece. This reminds me of celebrities who 
buy rare pieces of work from Banksy for a ridiculous amount of money and at the same time they dont know what they’re looking at. Most of 
the oil paintings back then were also commissioned by the purchaser. The pieces of art were produced from money and not the artists 
expressions. Money does kill the creative freedom but I feel like it supports the artists either way. In episode 4, Berger introduces the 
concept of publicity, as a consumer in each of us we change ourselves by buying something. It is the act of showing off what we could have 
if we bought it. Its a new look and lifestyle someone can have with a purchase. This is still happening today as a lot of people I know 
spend money on themselves to make them feel better by wearing expensive clothes. 
  
