	In the video “Ways of Seeing”, John Berger explain the effect that camera has on the world of art. Berger first explained about 
  perspective and that it is based on the eye of the beholder. By seeing something directly, we interpret it as information and this 
  information can varies depending on the individual. Then, Berger state that our eyes can only see an object as one place at a time but 
  when we observe the object, it stay with us as information and travel with us. Just like our eyes, Berger states that paintings also can
  only be in one place at a time. This notion changed as the invention of cameras. When a paintings is reproduced through the means of 
  photography or recording, that painting become information that could be spread all around the world. Now, viewer doesn’t need to travel
  to specific location in order to see or research about paintings instead, they can do it from the comfort of their own homes. Berger 
  continue by saying the that paintings are defined by their surrounding, like how paintings at church are meant to by worship and look at
  in a holy manner. Similarly, the reproduction of these paintings are also defined by their surroundings, looking at a painting for 
  research purposes will be different from looking at the same paintings for fun. So not only is the invention of the camera allow art to 
  be at many place at the same time but each reproduction now has its own altered uniqueness. This had me thought of how this video is
  being used by me for homework while to others it probably serves as entertainment. Moveover, Berger explained camera reproductions are 
  often altered in some ways, it change the way we look at observe information. When the camera angle changes so does our perspective, we
  observe the object frame by frame and not as a whole piece. When looking at the painting in the museum, the viewer is looking at the 
  image as a whole in order to interpret information within it but when watching a video of se painting we rely on the camera to tell the 
  story for us. A painting of a scene can be reduce to just one person with just the zoom of the camera and the meaning behind it can also 
  change drastically. Music can also influence the way we view things. A painting of grass field can be make to seem more dramatic with
  the addition of audio and music. Lastly, Berger conclude the video by saying that the technology we have now need to be more advanced to
  allow dialog between viewers and the one being viewed.  
