  The article “Pretend to Be a Bot, Rehumanize the Web”, show an interview with Sabastian Schmieg, where he answers many questions about the 
technologies and some interesting idea related to it. The interview started with Schmieg speaking about digital labor and a web extension. 
According to him, digital labor could be anything such as driving to updating your own social media account. When a company set up a 
platform to let its user use as a mode to provide work, the company itself doesn’t hire these people, it just serves as a middleman to 
connect consumer to producer. Therefore, the user of said platform will need to do their best to provide the good service in order to 
compete with others in the same market platform. The service provide then becomes a web extension. I find it very interesting when he said 
things the way he did because I would have never pictured it that way. When checking social media, I never thought it would be considered 
labor. Also, I never thought of how much benefits platforms provider receives since they never hire the service provider but still getting 
pay a fee for maintaining their good service. The service provider however, although they get to be their own boss, they still have to take care of their ability to complete the service with satisfaction.
Schmieg continue by speaking about google and similar tech companies’ success in using our collected data in order to improve on their 
marketing and advertising services towards you. 
  Then he talks about bots and their potential in the digital world, he explained how information extracted can be turn into something else
complete different. One of the craziest thing he talked about a person trying to revive his father from the basis of the notes and letters 
that he archived. I think that it is unimaginable what can be done with the information being extracted from us, with as little information
from our daily searches to the messages we sent through multiple platforms,these companies can develop marketing campaign kinder to you and
people like you.
  Lastly, Schmieg spoke about AI and their role in our future. He brought up a point that soon in the future, machine will be the sole 
worker in our economy as it is a lot more cost-effective. But that brought up another concern regarding what we’ll do if jobs are taken 
over by machine. Schmieg said that robots can never be artists, but they can create work that surprise the artist themselves. I think 
that machines taking over jobs is unavoidable, companies like McDonald’s has already replace their employees with ordering machine. 
With more machine taking over tasks being done by humans, newer jobs will have to be created.
