	In the article, “(Conceptual) Art, Cryptocurrency and Beyond” by Rob Myers discusses the relationship between art and money. According to
  the article, art has always been connected with money as painting and other valuable works are often being trade in place of money. What 
  makes these work so valuable is often connected to authenticity, origin or materials. Artworks with their own authenticity are more 
  likely to attract buyers. The origin of the piece of work can also be the factor that determines how much a piece of art worth. The older
  the piece of work the more rare and valuable it seems. Also if the original artist of the work is famous then it would further boost the 
  value. Lastly, the type of material can also add to the price of that work. More expensive material would obvious makes the works even
  more valuable. The article continue to address the issues of art in the digital age. In the age of technology, is it very easy to copy
  works of art and distribute it. To fix this issues, copy-right laws were made to keep others from benefiting off of someone else’s work. 
  Because of copy-right laws, works of art can remain original and authentic. This would lead to further discussion of the idea of 
  monopolizing work of arts. As money began to lose its value, these work of art would only increase in price. The can be a large increase
  amount of money but there will only be one painting that belong to its original artist.  Moreover, the article continue with discussing 
  about cryptocurrency, specifically bitcoins. What make Bitcoins so value is the fact that it cannot be duplicated and takes up a large
  amount of energy to obtain. In order to obtain a bitcoins a person would have to “mine” for it, mining takes a lot of energy and time.
  As more and more bitcoins getting mine, the hard it is to mine which makes it harder. Block-chain is often use in order to mine bitcoin.
  A blockchain is a network of machine working together. When a bitcoin is mined, proof of work need to be show. To obtain the “proof of
  work” the person must solve a mathematical algorithm, this “proof of work” is needed to verified the bitcoin.There are other 
  crytocurrency that takes a different approach to the “proof of work” process. 
