Christian Calinawan
Reading 4 Response
Towards a Poetics of Artificial Superintelligence
February 21, 2018 

  
  Based on the introductory paragraphs alone, artificial superintelligence is an unsettling possibility in our world of ever-advancing 
  technology. The thought that we could one day potentially create a machine with unlimited knowledge and memory with limitless ability 
  to draw in data is a scary thought to have. It is hard to imagine something so powerful, but we become closer to creating this technology
  every day. It is unsettling since no one would be able to predict what this machine would be able to do with such knowledge and resources.
  Its limitless database could be used to do completely harmless actions like the article says, such as counting the number of times “God” 
  is mentioned in every text. On the other hand, with so much knowledge at the machines hands, it could become so self-aware and realize 
  its own potential without the need of human interference. It is unpredictable at the moment and there is only one way to find out what
  would happen with such artificial superintelligence. Like the article states, the concepts of friendliness and morality do not apply to
  the machine. It would be motivated by its data and view of the world in ways we cannot understand. 
  
	It is interesting to think of artificial intelligences as alien life forms. Yes, these machines may seem alive and able to think and act 
  based on their program. However, in the end, they are still just a bunch of wires and metals put together. It may come to the point one 
  day where artificial superintelligence truly seems to come to life, but that time is probably a long time from today. The concept of 
  artificial intelligence is alien to us because the thought that a machine could have a mind of its own is unsettling, yet very real with
  today’s technology. Is artificial superintelligence potentially dangerous? Yes, but I believe it would have limits to its power gated by 
  the humans who create it to ensure its power does not get out of hand. People fear it would be like artificial intelligence is portrayed
  in movies, where the machine becomes self-aware of its capabilities and acts to end humanity. It is a possibility, but I think it’s 
  unlikely to every become a real threat in our lifetime.
