As a kid you really don't think about things too much. The complexity,
what goes into making it, or what are the endless possibilities that it can have.
As a kid you don't question it because you see things in one plain just 
seeing what's in front of you and accepting that's how it is. As older you not only
see things differently you also understand more, the positives and the negatives of
something. I believe that's what Nora Khan does in her article, "Towards a Poetics
of Artificial Super intelligence", gave us the possibilities of our creations. 
	 We are surrounded by technology all around us, its great and makes
our lives much easier. And as technology keeps advancing our lives will be filled
with much ease of tasks we can hand down to some sort of robot or AI. Its really fun
to think of the future being here now. From our homes to our person, we carry some sort 
of AI on us.
	Maybe I'm too cautious or just think of the worst possible outcome of things but
it does raise my paranoia regarding privacy and our own limited capacity. If we keep creating
more advanced technology like we are now, our kids future or grandkids future will be our 
science fiction into reality. Technology is great but what is our limit, or who will put 
a limit on how far we can go, is it going to be one person, a few companies or countries.
Who will have that ability. Its those kind of uncertainties that begin surfacing in peoples
minds. In a perfect world where people respected each other and knew their place, then this 
wouldn't be a problem but because its so hard to control people and have them agree on certain
things, there will always be someone or someone's trying to have more dominance over others.
Its human nature and that is very scary. 
	The possibility that we could create an artificial super intelligent system seems
great, some machine or system which would possibly make our lives easier is a concept greatly
accepted. But how far will we let its freedom go. Its ability to learn. Or will we be able to stop
it once it realizes what kind of species we are. I think we are moving on a good speed to the future
but I also think we are too eager to find the next best thing. With every think moving faster than ever,
we are forgetting to slow down and enjoy what God has given us. I feel that some day our future
selves will be looking back at us think to themselves why didn't we slow down for a bit.
