	“Future” is the word that often bring a very nice and refreshing tone to it. When hearing this word one would immediately thought of the 
  advancement in human technologies. Flying cars, self-tying shoes or holograms are all the things that we dreamed of and would want in the
  future. However, there is one thing that would outmatch any of these items, a thing that can serve as a solution to all of human concerns
  , a thing that can possibly grant us our immortality and that thing would be an artificial superintelligence(ASI). The article “Towards a
  Poetics of Artificial Superintelligence” by Nora N. Khan talks about ASI and its potential in the future of mankind. Khan addresses the 
  issue of ASI and say that something as intelligence as an ASI can never be control because their intelligence is beyond human capability.
  Before ASI, something call AGI need to be achieved, AGI (artificial general intelligence) is something that is capable of thinking and 
  learning on the same level as humans. Then Khan listed some metaphors to compare ASI with.
	“Hurricane” is the first comparison, hurricane is one of nature force that has one goal and that is to find thermal balance. Even though 
  hurricane is strong and aggressive, nothing can stop it until it reaches its goal. Similarly, ASI would be calculating in a system that 
  is complete and would not be concerned with human affairs, just like how a hurricane would not care if a car is parked in the way. 
	Next, the word “Architect” is a comparison to ASI being capable of building spaces for an optimised existence. Bostroms states that an 
  ASI architecture would think different from that of biological intelligence. A simple seed AI would start by replicating human process 
  but as it learn and grow, it builds it own pathway of thinking.
	“Sovereign” is the next word that was use, in this situation an ASI is an open-ended system that mandate to operate in the world in order to reach a long-range goal. An ASI will not just focus on humans but everything else around it and it will make decision that is most beneficial to it.
	Next is “star system” these word refer to the fact that an ASI is a giant thinking machine that is superior to any living thing that 
  existsed and because of its vast thinking capability, ASI uses a massive amount of energy.
	“Frontline” describes the tension that humans will have towards AI. With ASI being capable of doing human labor, conflict might arise 
  and war is a possibility.
